a surrealist chin and in this video I
want to share with you how to build a
list using Facebook ads for as little as
thirty three cents per subscriber and
I'm also going to show you my own test
campaign where I was able to convert
about fifty percent of the visitors into
subscribers purely from using Facebook
ads and this is really from cold
Facebook traffic firstly did you know
that only sixteen percent of your
Facebook fans will ever see your post
that's right so if you have a Facebook
page these days Facebook doesn't give
much priority to Facebook fan pages the
reason why is because they introduced
Facebook ads and now you're sort of
forced to pay facebook so then your
posts will have more exposure to your
fans
and their friends like it or not you
know Facebook is forcing you to pay now
and automatically most people won't pay
to get their posts read which leaves an
empty gap for you to give an example I
want to show you this right here so what
I did was run to test campaigns these
are Facebook posts status updates the
one on the left wasn't sponsored or in
other words I didn't use Facebook ads
for this particular post and down the
bottom you can see here the amount of
people that this post reached a measly
31 now that's not much compared to the
one on the right you can see sixteen
thousand nine hundred twelve people
reached now it's a massive difference
and that's a power of using Facebook Ads
take a look at the engagement as well
forty three likes and thirty shares so
you can see now why you should invest in
Facebook Ads alright so for this test
what I wanted to do is to test out
whether I can get eighty percent
conversion rates based on alig speakers
training they'll provide a link to his
training video just down below but what
I wanted to do and really is to
duplicate that amount and see if I could
get that same amount of conversions
secondly I wanted to validate and test
within
offer will convert or not using a
non-existent product so what i mean by a
non-existent product is an idea that i
have that i want to make sure that
people actually opt-in for because the
last thing you want to do is spend hours
days even weeks creating a product and
then later finding out that people don't
want it so it's better just to put in a
few dollars here and just test out
whether your products gonna convert and
lastly i wanted to see how cheap I could
get leads for using facebook ads and
that is a big question because you don't
really want to pay for subscribers but
then at the same time you want to also
build your list my budget for this
overall tests was fifteen dollars no
particular reason by that that's a good
amount and you'll see why later so this
is the ad that I ran quite simple and
it's based on Alex Becker's template
invention that for every headline don't
make it the same so if it's 50 hot it's
email subject lines you don't want to
repeat it down here where it says
download the cheat list so I'm at a
different and basically followed his
tutorial you also mentioned to keep it
as simple as possible as he found that
converted a lot better than having fancy
photos and images okay so once someone
does download or click on this ad here
they'll end up on this opt-in page that
I put together using leadpages what I'm
offering is 15 email subject lines and
all I need to do is enter their email
and then download the cheat list what
happens next is they end up on the blank
page because I am validating an idea so
in the end there's there's no product so
nothing too glamorous about this opt-in
page very simple but again I wanted to
keep it simple as alex becker suggested
now after running their campaign these
are the results inside our facebook ads
you can see they have 95 website clicks
so 95 people clicked on the ad and then
out-of-the-money 541 of them opted in
and also six page likes and four post
likes which is a good icing on the cake
now the amount of people reached was
fourteen thousand four hundred thirty
one and they click to rate was quite low
compared to other ads that I normally
run and the total I spent was thirteen
dollars seventy nine little short of the
fifteen dollar budget and that's because
I started
the campaign about half the day through
so based on these numbers the conversion
rate that I got was about 43% not
exactly the 80% that I was expecting but
really there's a lot of variables that
come into play you know such as the
offer the words that are used the
headline and so on taking a look at my
leadpages account you can see I created
a campaign called 15 email subject lines
the conversion rate here is 35% compared
to the 43 in facebook ads so you know
given that give it those numbers the
Commission rates about 40 percent if you
want to make it easier about 50 percent
or half the people that click on the ad
opt in so not a bad test campaign to
start off with the big question is
whether I would continue with this offer
or not almost half the people up to then
as I mentioned and it cost me 33 cents
per subscriber now let's run some
numbers here a list of 100 subscribers
that would cause 33 cents per subscriber
times R by hundred that will give you
thirty three dollars so your costs to
build a list of hundred subscribers
would be $33 now if you were to compare
that to sell ads which is which is a lot
more expensive you can see here I took a
screenshot of one of the offers from
Alice donor he's offering a thousand
clicks for three hundred and forty-two
dollars now this is a thousand clicks
this doesn't mean a thousand subscribers
so it really depends on how well your
opt-in page converts if your page
converts at about 20 percent then you're
going to get about 200 subscribers for
three hundred forty two dollars that's
expensive now if you were to use
Facebook ads to build your list for
three hundred forty two dollars you
could build a list of a thousand
subscribers so this test campaign that I
did was quite successful what I
continued yes there are probably put on
a to do list wouldn't be much of a
priority but what I could have done to
increase conversions is to create more
variations of the ad such as changing
the image as I saw with the ad that I
ran this is just this red image with
text area I could change it around I get
completely different and see what works
better
I could also try out different headlines
and calls-to-action and lastly I could
have split tested the opt-in page as
well you can see that this simple opt-in
page I could split tests a totally
different opt-in page and see how that
goes
perhaps adding an image or changing the
headline is multiple variations so
overall I kind of expected to get that
80 percent conversion rate there who
would have been really great
but 43% I'm not complaining especially
because this is the first test campaign
that I did so I hope this video has been
insightful and giving you more reason to
use Facebook Ads
so why not give Facebook ads a shot and
let me know how you go thanks a lot for
watching this video
my name is Aurelius and looking forward
to sharing more view training with you